feat: add `blas/ext/base/ndarray/ddiff` (#12870)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/ddiff/README.md

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var ddiff = require( '@stdlib/blas/ext/base/ndarray/ddiff' );
```

#### ddiff( arrays )

Calculates the k-th discrete forward difference of a one-dimensional double-precision floating-point ndarray.

```javascript
var Float64Vector = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/vector/float64' );
var scalar2ndarray = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/from-scalar' );

var x = new Float64Vector( [ 2.0, 4.0, 6.0, 8.0, 10.0 ] );
var prepend = new Float64Vector( [ 1.0 ] );
var append = new Float64Vector( [ 11.0 ] );
var out = new Float64Vector( 6 );
var workspace = new Float64Vector( 6 );
var k = scalar2ndarray( 1, {
    'dtype': 'generic'
});

var y = ddiff( [ x, prepend, append, out, workspace, k ] );
// returns <ndarray>[ 1.0, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0, 1.0 ]
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **arrays**: array-like object containing the following ndarrays:

    -   a one-dimensional input ndarray.
    -   a one-dimensional ndarray containing values to prepend prior to computing differences.
    -   a one-dimensional ndarray containing values to append prior to computing differences.

>     -   a one-dimensional output ndarray. Must have `N + N1 + N2 - k` elements, where `N` is the number of indexed elements in `x`, `N1` is the number of elements to prepend, `N2` is the number of elements to append, and `k` is the number of differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   a one-dimensional output ndarray. Must have `N + N1 + N2 - k` elements, where `N` is the number of elements in the input ndarray, `N1` is the number of elements to prepend, `N2` is the number of elements to append, and `k` is the number of times to compute differences.
```

>     -   a one-dimensional output ndarray. Must have `N + N1 + N2 - k` elements, where `N` is the number of elements in the input ndarray, `N1` is the number of elements to prepend, `N2` is the number of elements to append, and `k` is the number of times to compute differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   a one-dimensional output ndarray. Must have `N + N1 + N2 - k` elements, where `N` is the number of elements in the input ndarray, `N1` is the number of elements to prepend, `N2` is the number of elements to append, and `k` is the number of times to recursively compute differences.
```

    -   a one-dimensional workspace ndarray. Must have `N + N1 + N2 - 1` elements.
    -   a zero-dimensional ndarray specifying the number of times to recursively compute differences.

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   When `k <= 1`, the workspace ndarray is unused.

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var discreteUniform = require( '@stdlib/random/array/discrete-uniform' );

> var Float64Vector = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/vector/float64' );

Reviewer: This example should be updated.
